perf(p2p/conn): Buffer secret connection writes (#3346)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/3346-buffer-secret-connection-writes.md

> - `[p2p/secretconn]` Speedup secretconnection large writes, by buffering the write to the underlying connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[p2p/conn]` Speedup secret connection large writes, by buffering the write to the underlying connection.
```
